Additional fluid properties documentation & tests metadata (#24585)
idaholab/moose: modules/fluid_properties/doc/content/source/auxkernels/StagnationTemperatureAux.md

# StagnationTemperatureAux

!syntax description /AuxKernels/StagnationTemperatureAux

> Stagnation temperature is the temperature at a stagnation point in a fluid flow.
> Stagnation points include reservoirs and pools with no flow velocity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stagnation temperature is the temperature is the temperature the fluid would obtain if brought to rest isentropically.
Stagnation points include reservoirs and pools with no flow velocity.
```
